the sentence of María Patiño For the
posters in Malaga we are talking about
a simple 14-page sentence
but they tell me here that it is brutal
proven facts it is declared proven that
on October 30, 2021, the accused
María Patiño in her capacity as
presenter of the social program it in
relation to a news story that was
echoed by various
media outlets and referring to Antonio David the
accused stated the following Do you
remember that this program some
time ago we questioned those posters that had
appeared in Malaga where he was
pointed out as an abuser we practically
found two three posters but
none more logically there was a trial
where neighbors went to testify because
these are the only proven facts
Antonio David Flores was accused of
abuse in a different program and
by a person other than María Patiño
seeing also that one of the mistakes
that Antonio David or
the lawyer has tried to put in there has tried to put the
issue of abuser in there to fatten up a
little more and of course this is what
the judge then grabs on to there